hey how's it going guys this is Dave TD
and this is my review of the Moto X pure
also known as the Moto X style so last
year in 2014
my favorite phone was the 2014 Moto X it
didn't have amazing specs and had a
pretty poor camera but I really liked
the design I liked the ergonomics I
liked the software but I really really
liked Moto maker like the ability to get
a white and blue foam from the factory
was like right up my alley so I was
really looking forward to the 2015
edition it's got a bigger screen better
specs here's my review the unboxing
experience is a little more engaging on
this phone than other Motorola phones
this year it's a bigger box with more
premium packaging when you open it up
phone is sitting on the left and on the
right you get a clear bumper and a turbo
charger underneath the phone you get a
sim tool and some pamphlets and this
phone starts at $400 for the 16 gigabyte
version now the design of the phone is
distinctly motorola so the back has that
same textured rubber that motor will has
been using this year and like you can
see from my Moto G video the grip on
this material is amazing I really think
that more companies should consider
using rubber materials like this for
their phones now the downside to rubber
like this is that it doesn't feel
particularly premium it's well made but
rubber and plastic tend to feel more
like practical and durable instead of
the more elegant finish that metal and
glass give you so if you're looking for
a device that's really practical to hold
this is a great option so here we have
that Motorola dimple that I've grown to
love it's smaller this year but still
kind of feels the same when you put your
finger in there and up top you can see
that there's a new camera and flash the
entire phone has that curved back it's
like very Motorola and it feels great so
let's go around this metal frame on the
bottom of the phone we have a micro USB
charging port on the right side we have
the volume rocker and a textured power
button and up on the top we have a
microphone jack beside the combo SIM
card and SD card slot and on the left
side we have nothing ok two years ago
this thing would have been considered
way too big but people want bigger
phones these days and Motorola is just
paying attention to that trend so it is
big I don't have big hands but because
of the curved back and there
relatively narrow bezels on the side I
can actually hold it pretty comfortably
in one hand I can't use it in one hand
comfortably but I can hold it it's
smaller than the iPhone six-plus and it
feels similar in size to the note 5 so
it's kind of weird that the iPhone 6
plus and 6s plus
have a smaller screen and yet they have
a bigger footprint I'm not going to go
into details but Motorola lets you
customize the phone pretty extensively
on their website at least in the US so I
did mine in like a Dave 2d theme and it
came up pretty nice the anodizing feels
like it's good quality and if it's
anything like last year the a no job
will hold up over time SIM card slot has
a micro SD on the bottom up to 128 gigs
and the nano SIM goes up top there's
clearly space for a second sim up here
but they've covered it up with a piece
of plastic so I didn't bother to explore
on the front of the phone everything's
covered in Gorilla Glass 3 and unlike
the 2014 Moto X both the top and bottom
pieces here cranked out sound these
speakers sound great
they're forward-facing they're loud
they're clear and they're one of the
best speakers right now it's not as
clear as the HTC m9 speakers I mean
those are still the king of sound but I
think the Moto X pure is like the next
best thing here's what they sound like
the screen is a 5.7 inch quad HD IPS
screen so it's an LCD panel I was a
little surprised that they went with LCD
because last year's Moto X was an AMOLED
but it's still a really nice screen it's
bright colors are good but the viewing
angles aren't amazing I mean they're
okay they're just not amazing now in
comparison to the oneplus 2 screen which
also has an IPS panel the Moto X pure is
obviously higher res but it's much
brighter and colors are much more
vibrant now it's not as good as the
screen on the note 5 or like the iPhone
6 plus but for a sub $400 phone I think
this is one of the best screens out
there the camera is a 21 megapixel
shooter and it can record 4k videos it's
a really awesome camera for the price
it's better than the oneplus 2 camera
even with oxygen 2.1 it's better than
moto G rather than the zenfone 2 better
than the idol 3 I think it's one of the
best cameras you can get on a smartphone
for under 400 bucks now it's not as good
as some of the flagships out there like
the Samsung phones or the
gg4 or even the iPhones but the camera
is really good for the price colors are
really accurate the images are like
super sharp maybe a little too sharp
from processing but it takes the shot
instantly when you tap it which is
really cool the autofocus can be a
little slow at times like it'll hunt
around and not pick up what you're
looking for right away
there's no optical image stabilization
and the low-light performance isn't
amazing it's still better than like
basically every other phone at this
price point but it can't compete with
the flagships the front-facing camera
has a flash it's surprisingly bright and
it takes photos with that like yucky
flash look but if you need it it's there
right okay performance it's running a
Snapdragon 808 so that's six core and
anything I do on this phone is basically
as fast as the eight core Snapdragon 810
so browsing load times watching videos
system UI like everything just feels
really snappy on the 808 but for some
really demanding games like asphalt 8
you can see there's an occasional
stutter and obviously for benchmarks the
810 is going to perform better than the
808 if you're into that kind of thing
but I'm really happy with the
performance of the 808 it's running
android 5.1.1 with a handful of useful
tweaks
it's no bloatware there's no like
intrusive overlays or anything now it
has your usual Motorola like sprinkling
on it it's got the double chop Lite
twist camera moto notifications custom
voice commands like all good stuff and
Motorola is actually really fast with
software updates so you can probably
expect marshmallow pretty soon the Nexus
6 came with a two piece turbocharger so
you can plug in your USB cable
separately the Moto X pure has a one
piece turbocharger which I thought was
kind of weird at first because I mean
one piece is never cool but this thing
puts out over 25 watts and the cables a
little bit thicker so they probably made
it one piece for safety and battery life
is ok I could get like a full day with
regular use but with heavy use I need to
plug it in when I got back from work now
the turbo charging is fast like 0 to
100% in 70 maybe 80 minutes it's really
useful I still wish there was wireless
charging but oh well ok quick recap it's
got a 5.7 inch IPS quad HD screen pretty
good screen I just wish the viewing
angles were a little better it's got
stereo speakers that are surprisingly
good not as good as HTC's boomsound but
pretty close it's got a 5 megapixel
front facing camera with a flash if
you're into like 9
selfies and all of this is covered in
Gorilla Glass 3 on the back we have a
super grippy cover that comes in a ton
of colors and options a 21 megapixel
camera that takes really sharp but
mildly over-processed shots really good
one there's lots of light reasonably
good when there's less light on the
inside we have a 3000 milliamp hour
battery that doesn't have wireless
charging but it supports turbo charging
and as long as you don't go ham on the
phone it'll usually last the day it's
running a Snapdragon 808 with three gigs
of RAM which is plenty fast for
basically anything other than really
demanding games or benchmarks and it's
got 16 to 64 gigs of upgradable storage
it does have NFC but there's no
fingerprint sensor ok closing thoughts
here I really like the Moto X from last
year and I like the Moto X pure from
2015 even more everything across the
board has been improved I mean almost
everything it still doesn't have
wireless charging it still doesn't have
amazing build quality it still doesn't
have great battery life we're aside from
a few small quirks so this is a really
fantastic phone especially for its price
and the cherry on top is seriously moto
maker because no other company does it
especially with like anodizing metals
and stuff I mean you can essentially
take a phone that you really like
because of its specs into a phone that
you love because of the way that it
looks and its colors that's really cool
now if there's two phones I'd recommend
right now for the sub $400 price it
would be the oneplus 2 and this one the
Moto X pure now if you want a phone
that's got like a really fantastic
performance and a really good build
quality I'd go for the oneplus 2 but if
you want like a better camera better
screen better speakers or just like a
better overall multimedia experience I'd
go for this one the Moto X pure that's
the end of this review hope you guys
liked it give me some thumbs if you
loved it and also give me some subs if
you loved it it's nice and I'll see you
guys next time
you